Welcome to EMPIRES!

  You rule a small European country with many problems. You must manage grain,
capital, land and an army to survive and thrive. You only have a limited number
of years to build your empire from humble beginnings. Good rule will be rewarded
with greater and greater recognition and titles.

Taxes:
- Customs tax applies only to immigrants to your nation. Lower customs tax may result
in more immigration.
- Sales tax is intwined into your eocnomy. While it has the potentional to raise 
lots of money, it can also stifle industrial profits if raised to high.
- Income taxes are paid by all inhabitants and industry. Lower income tax may also
result in increased industrial output.

You have the option to invest your earnings in different types of trade and industry.
Investments:
- Marketplaces are a cheap investment that is quite profitable and encourage Merchants,
which grows your middle class.
- Grain mills are necessary to process the harvest. They do much better in years with
a large harvest.
- Foundries are necessary for creating a large army. Several of them will allow a much
larger army than you could otherwise equip.
- Shipyards have the greatest profit potentional, but they also do much better during
good weather, do to a larger volume of orders.
- Soldiers are needed to protect your empire and attack others. They cost an initial
investment, and you must pay to maintain and train a solder every year. They also require
a larger share of grain every year.
- Palace is a necessary expense to secure your status and legacy. It is constructed 10%
at a time.

Grain market:
You can buy and sell grain on the grain market.
You always lose 10% as a brokerage fee when dealing on the grain market.
When you sell your grain at a different price, the market price becomes a weighted average
of the sales prices you have set.
You cannot buy grain from yourself through the grain market (you cannot use the market as a
way to avoid rats!)

Other hints:
Don't forget to leave a portion of your grain reserve for planting next years harvest!
Giving your people more grain than they require is likely to resuit in a particularly
prosperous year, which will encourage more babies born, and more immigrants to come to
your nation! (including Merchants and Nobles!)

The is a game for up to 6 players. Any nations not played by humans will automatically
be played by AI players.

"Winning":
- To become a Prince, have 8 marketplaces, 4 mills, a palace 20% completed, more >10 nobles,
>2300 serfs, and a land/serf ratio of >4.8.

- To become a King, have 14 marketplaces, 6 mills, a palacee 60% complete, 1 foundry, 
>25 nobles, >2600 serfs, and a land/serf ratio of >5.0.

- To become an Emperor, meet the king requirements, and have >40 nobles, and >3100 serfs.